Describe CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES for GPU jobs (#350)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: uw-research-computing/gpu-jobs.md

It is important to still request at least one CPU per job to do the
processing that is not well-suited to the GPU.

Note that HTCondor will make sure your job has access to the GPU; it will
set the environment variable `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` to indicate which GPU(s)

> your code should run on. It will be read by CUDA to select the appropriate 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your code should run on. The environment variable will be read by CUDA to select the appropriate 
```
